Hey there. My name is JJ and I'm excited to teach you about data product management.
Started my career as
a Geospacial Data Analyst at Apple in Cupertino for their Maps division.
I later transitioned over to Beats Music in San Francisco as a Data Engineer focused on
building analytics and reporting
infrastructure for our music label partners like Universal,
Sony, and Warner Music.
Beats Music was later then acquired by Apple.
So I came back full circle,
this time as a Product Manager at Apple,
where I built our data products to empower
app developers to grow their business with Apple.
After five years at Apple,
I created a smaller, scrappier environment.
So I moved over to data platform product management in
various startups in the fields ranging from mobile photography to consumer healthcare.
I love leveraging data to make decisions,
using data to help external users make their decisions and building our data platforms,
so that data analysts and scientists have accessible,
clean data ready at their fingertips for some insight extraction.
I wouldn't have gotten to where I am today without online course throughout the years,
so I'm really excited to give back to the community.